Software Testing Assignment 

Module–1(Fundamental) 


 What is SDLC 

A Software Development Life Cycle is essentially a series of steps, or  
phases, that provide a model for the development and lifecycle  
management of an application or piece of software.

 What is software testing? 

Testing is the process of evaluating a system or its 
component(s)  with the intent to find that whether it satisfies 
the specified  requirements or not.

 What is agile methodology? 

Agile methodology is a practice that promotes continuous iteration of development and testing throughout the software development lifecycle of a project. The agile methodology advocates adaptive planning, evolutionary development, early delivery, and continuous improvement, encouraging flexible responses to change.

 What is SRS ?

SRS (Software Requirements Specification) is a document that describes what the software will do and how it will be expected to perform. It lays out functional and non-functional requirements, providing a complete description of the behavior of the system to be developed.

 What is oops 

Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)
OOP (Object-Oriented Programming) is a programming paradigm based on the concept of "objects", which can contain data and code to manipulate that data.

 Write Basic Concepts of oops 

1)Object: An object is an instance of a class. It can hold both data and methods that can operate on the data.

2)Class: A class is a blueprint for creating objects. It defines a datatype by bundling data and methods that work on the data into one single unit.

3)Encapsulation: Encapsulation is the mechanism of restricting access to some of the object's components and protecting the object’s state from unauthorized access.

4)Inheritance: Inheritance is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined. It helps to reduce redundancy by allowing existing classes to be reused.

5)Polymorphism: Polymorphism allows methods to do different things based on the object it is acting upon, even if they share the same name.

 What is object 
  
An object is an instance of a class that encapsulates both data and functions that manipulate data. For example, if Car is a class, then myCar could be an object of the class Car.


 What is class 

A class is a blueprint or prototype from which objects are created. It encapsulates data for the object and methods to manipulate that data.

 What is encapsulation 
 What is inheritance 
 What is polymorphism 
 Draw Usecase on Online book shopping 
 Draw Usecase on online bill payment system (paytm) 
 Write SDLC phases with basic introduction 
 Explain Phases of the waterfall model 
 Write phases of spiral model 
 Write agile manifesto principles 
 Explain working methodology of agile model and also write pros and cons. 
 Draw usecase on Online shopping product using COD. 
 Draw usecase on Online shopping product using payment gateway. 
